Update README.md (#1)
oktadev/okta-azure-kubernetes-cosmosdb-example: README.md

You can delete the Azure resource group, which includes the database.

```bash
az group delete --name australia-east
```

> This will take several minutes to finish. Once it is done, it is a good idea to log into the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) and make sure all of the resouces have been deleted: the resoure group, the Cosmos DB instance, and the AKS group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will take several minutes to finish. Once it is done, it is a good idea to log into the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) and make sure all of the resources have been deleted: the resource group, the Cosmos DB instance, and the AKS group.
```
